1) As a musician I want a platform to find other musicians to collaborate with, based upon their previous works.
	1.2) As a musician I want a simple and uniform user experience, which does not take a lot of technical expertise to use.
		1.2.1) I want the same layout on Android and iOS devices, so I do not get confused when switching systems.
		1.2.2) I want the same functionality in the apps and on the website.

	1.3) As a musician I want a basic website and app combination to record, edit, upload, and view videos.
		1.3.1) I want my videos to be processed no matter what the format is so I do not have to care about codecs etc.
			1.3.1.1) I want to be able to upload audio tracks and have them show up as a video, so I can use computer generated music.
		1.3.2) I want the videos to have changeable quality to accomodate for different kinds of internet speeds/connections.
		1.3.3) I want to have an easy way to record my videos, without a lot of user input, so I can focus on playing my music.
			1.3.3.1) I want a "press once to record"-button so I can put my phone up and focus on playing.
			1.3.3.2) I want an "audio only" setting if I am conscious about my looks or do not have a (working) camera.

	1.4) As a musician I want a nice way to interact with other musicians to find a collaboration partner quickly and simply.
		1.4.1) I want an easy to use chat system to communicate with a (potential) collaboration partner.
		1.4.2) I want to be able to find collaboration partners using categorisation of their music.
		1.4.3) I want to be able to find collaboration partners by location.

2) As a musician I want a safe environment for my music and my collaborations, so my rights are protected.
	2.1) My music should not be downloadable unless I intend so, to protect my intellectual property.
		2.1.1) I want password protection to my account, to keep it safe.
		2.1.2) I want it to be hard to download my videos or audio.
	2.2) My messages, videos, and collaborations should be private unless I intend for something different, to protect my privacy.
		2.2.1) My messages should be safe and never accessible from anyone but me and my chat partner.
		2.2.2) My collaborations and and uploaded videos should be available only to the people of my choosing.
			2.2.2.1) I want a privacy option to set for my posts.
			2.2.2.2) I want a private share option for my posts.
	2.3) I want to be able to report content, which is violating the law/my rights to protect myself and others.
		2.3.1) I want to be able to see that my reports did something or not.
		2.3.2) I want to be able to report someone anonymously.

3) As a musician I want the quality of both audio and video I produce to stay the same when uploaded, so possible collaborators see how much work I put into my music.
	3.1) I want my music to be enhanced, if I do not have the proper equipment myself.
	3.2) I want my videos to be enhanced, if I do not have the proper equipment myself.

4) As a musician I want to be able to customize the experience of possible collaborators on my profile, to be more attractive for collaborations.
	4.1) I want to be able to change the profile details and colours, so the profile matches and represents me.
	4.2) I want to be able to set a piece of music playing on my profile that represents me.